YOUR ROLE

As a Business Analyst, you will work closely with the technology team to translate business needs from internal and external stakeholders. You will propose and manage
solutions, capture detailed functional and technical specifications, and drive the requirements-gathering process from start to finish.
Workplace Arrangement: REMOTE, with occasional travel and on-site work required on demand. The location in the Metro Vancouver area and its alignment with Pacific Time are considered assets.


YOUR IMPACT

You will contribute to enterprise agility and data driven decisions.
You will bridge the gap between stakeholders and technical teams.
You will analyze potential impacts, foresee challenges, and propose effective solutions.
You will streamline processes, ensuring compatibility with existing systems and aligning processes with business goals.
You will be a team player, help the team to get to know more about the business industry and our products.


WHAT TO EXPECT

In your first three months you will:
Gain a deep understanding of Oliver’s solutions, key clients/partners and insurance industry processes.
Explore Oliver’s platform and key clients/partners' ecosystem features, functionalities, and capabilities while mapping processes.
Become familiar with support, client success and SDLC processes at Oliver.


THIS IS YOU

5+ years doing business analysis to ensure that products, processes, and solutions meet business requirements.
2+ years experience in the group benefit industry.


Your knowledge, Skills and Attributes
Business analysis techniques, tools, and methodologies specific to software development.
Advanced knowledge of MS Office, Jira, Jira Service Management, Confluence or similar.
Knowledge of digital solutions/software, data analytics, UX/CX, SaaS, artificial intelligence, and automation related to the insurance and software development industries.
Familiarity with one or more development languages (Oracle Apex, React, Javascript) and knowledge of PL/SQL.
Excellent spoken/written communication and interpersonal skills to facilitate consensus building on business/technical requirements and solutions through collaboration
Ability to handle multiple priorities and meet strict deadlines.
Strong analytical, and problem-solving skills.


Certifications and Education
Certification in Business Analysis (IIBA)
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field.