Certifications & Training: Datacamp Certifications for Python, SQL and Macquarie University Excel Certification
Technical Skills: 
•	SQL – Significant experience in writing SQL queries developed through daily use during experience in Khaadi Corporation
•	Python – Possess Datacamp Certifications and independent projects in Python 
•	Power BI – Significant experience in Power BI through dashboard creation for Toyota and Khaadi
•	Microsoft Excel – Possess a Macquarie University Excel Certification and used Excel for Pivot Table Creation and Macro based process optimization

EDUCATION
University of Windsor                                                                                                                                     Windsor, Ontario
Master of Management – Specialization: Business Data Analytics                                                             January’24 – Present 
Institute of Business Administration	
Bachelor of Business Administration – Major: Marketing & Human Resources	August ‘17 – May ‘21
GPA: 3.59 | Honors: Dean’s List

WORK EXPERIENCE
Khaadi Corporation
Energizer People Excellence	                                                                        			Sep ‘22 – Dec’23
Responsible for human resource functions 
●	Spearheaded recruitment efforts, successfully hiring and onboarding over 100 new employees within the past year, resulting in a 20% increase in workforce efficiency.
●	Developed and implemented innovative recruitment strategies, resulting in a 30% reduction in time-to-hire and a 15% increase in applicant quality.
●	Implemented performance management systems and conducted regular performance evaluations, resulting in a 25% increase in employee productivity and a 10% decrease in turnover rate.
●	Led training and development initiatives, designing and delivering tailored training programs for employees at all levels, resulting in a 20% increase in employee satisfaction and engagement.
●	Established and maintained HR metrics dashboard, tracking key performance indicators such as turnover rate, time-to-fill, and training effectiveness, providing actionable insights to senior management for strategic decision-making.
●	Implemented diversity and inclusion initiatives, resulting in a 15% increase in workforce diversity representation.
●	Led employee relations efforts, resolving conflicts and fostering a positive work environment, resulting in a 20% decrease in employee grievances.
●	Ensured compliance with labor laws and regulations, conducting regular audits and implementing corrective actions as necessary, resulting in zero legal penalties or violations optimization.
Khaadi Corporation
Enabler - Business Excellence				                                                                       Mar ‘22 – Aug’22
Responsible for people management in the realms of employer branding and retail excellence
●	Created Men’s product line team by structuring and onboarding a complete brand team hiring 16 employees in 6 months
●	Managed $25 million IFC equity investment into Khaadi Corporation for investment into small markets.
●	Revised HR manual for IFC compliance, resulting in a 15% improvement in HR processes.
●	Spearheaded EDGE certification, reducing gender pay gap by 18%.
●	Utilized Power BI to track 25% reduction in carbon footprint and 30% increase in employee satisfaction.
●	Developed business concept for SEC B & C markets, projecting a 25% revenue increase.
Toyota Motor Corporation - Indus Motor Company	
Management Trainee – Marketing Planning 	                                                                                                    Sep ‘21 – Mar ‘22
●	Led localization efforts for Toyota Yaris and Fortuner to reduce vehicle cost by 25%.
●	Initiated a hybrid vehicle adoption strategy to increase hybrid vehicle sales by 25% by 2025.
●	Constructed a Corolla – Yaris exchange incentive program leading to sales of 250 vehicles.
●	Designed corporate marketing strategies to encourage corporate sales for the Toyota Yaris in a B2B model.




RELEVANT PROJECTS
Toyota Motor Corporation | Sales Data Analysis and Visualization					Apr’22 – Jul ‘22
•	Technologies Used: SQL, Power BI
•	Key Responsibilities
o	Created SQL queries to extract sales data on the basis of region
o	Created a dashboard to visualize region wise automotive sales trends and gain insights for improving sale in rural regions
o	Collaborated with sales teams to distributes targets based on revised metrics
•	Results
o	Enhanced data visibility leading to 20% improvement in sales forecasting
o	Improved targeting strategy increased rural sales contribution by10%
o	Reduced reporting time by 30% through automatic data integration and real time dashboard updates
Khaadi Corporation | Foot Traffic Analysis							Oct’22 – Jul ‘23
•	Technologies Used: SQL, Python(Matplotlib, Seaborn), Teableau
•	Key Responsibilities
o	Extracted and analyzed 4 years of daily foot traffic from company foot traffic monitoring system using SQL queries.
o	Developed Python scripts using Pandas for data cleaning, preprocessing and analysis of foot traffic data
o	Utilized Matplotlib and Seaborn to created detailed visualizations of customer foot traffic trends, peak hours and heatmaps of store layouts
o	Conducted statistical analysis to identify store ‘hot’ and ‘cold’ spots
o	Recommended strategies to optimize store layouts, staffing schedule and in-store promotional activities
•	Achievements
o	Identified peak traffic times and in-store traffic ‘hotspots’ leading to 20% increase in sales through optimizing in-store merchandizing.
o	Implemented targeted promotional during high-traffic times leading to 25% increases in in-store conversion rates.
o	Automated foot traffic analysis through creating Tableau dashboard

RELEVANT INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE
L’Oreal	
Project Trainee - Marketing,	                                                                                                                  Jan ‘21 – Apr ‘22
●	Worked for L’Oreal to indicate the most optimal product mix for new product line in the L’Oreal Paris range.
●	Mapped out 10 digital markets and conducted retail audits for L’Oreal at Local Modern Trade stores.
●	Used a data model to recommend the most effective product mix (e-commerce stores, retail stores, prices and SKUs) for the new L’Oreal product leading to marketing budget saving of 2.5%.
●	Recommended the most effective social media platform to utilize for the new product line and recommended the most effective conventional mediums to utilize for promotional purposes.
